Hello, hello, and welcome to a new term!

This post will consist of two main items:
1. Wrapping up my work term a few weeks ago, and
2. Starting to look for my next job.

Overall, pretty fun.

---

So: wrapping up my work term a few weeks ago.

I ended up getting an *Outstanding* for my work with WiCS, and I'm really proud of that. Sure, I'm pretty sure I logged an ungodly number of hours on Facebook/Reddit/etc on the job, but I'm glad that the work that came out at the end of it all will be able to make a difference in some small way.

You're probably thinking, what? How could anything you did that term make a difference?

Allow me to explain.

Probably the three biggest things I did last term as the Assistant to WiCS were:
1. Organize and promote events to women in CS.
* This was actually kind of helpful/important, because a lot of people actually ended up hearing about the events that WiCS does through my promotions after this term.
2. Create the Android curriculum for Technovation.
* I made a basic outline that can be followed to create Android apps based on the Udacity courses offered by Google, and it's tailored towards high school girls. Technovation is a program I was involved with myself as a high school senior, so in a small way for me, it was like giving back (more on the idea of giving back later).
3. Restructure the existing handbook and create new procedures so that knowledge transfer wouldn't be horrible anymore.
* This was probably the biggest thing of the three. Before this, there was no record of annual events we ran (only termly events), what items we actually owned (everything from swag, food, drink, office supplies), and what to-dos should be done for each event. Even after I edited it, I expect that the coming Assistants will also have a lot to do to keep updating it with their experiences (since every term is different).

I'm really happy I decided to work with WiCS last term. I met a lot of people (both students and faculty members) that I otherwise wouldn't have had a chance to meet, and I also got the chance to enjoy Waterloo in the spring.

Some things that I want to move on from, though:
* No more admin/assistant-type jobs!
I've been working jobs like these my entire life. I took them as a teenager because I didn't have any experience, but now ... well, now I have mildly more experience, and I'm still sitting here taking them. No more of this.
* Meeting at odd times every week
At my next job, meeting regularly with my boss would be a huge plus. It'd give some semblance of a schedule, and I think it'll be better for me asking for feedback.
* Living in Waterloo
I've told my friends this already, but I'm not staying in Waterloo for Winter 2018. No sir, I am moving - whether it's back home to Toronto, or somewhere else in the world, I'm not staying here again for another term. It's been #Waterlit, but the point of co-op is to try something new.
* Working alone
It was so, so lonely at times this term. I know I'm not always the most positive person when it comes to group work, but I don't want to work on my own again.

I'm really happy I decided to work with WiCS last term, but after reflecting on these, I think I have a way better idea of what I want now.

---

So, realistically the job hunt began just before the end of August - when I uploaded my resume to the GHC Resume Database.

... I've yet to hear from any companies there, though - except for GoDaddy! who doesn't do Winter internships - but there's still time untill Grace Hopper. I can be patient.

Last night I went to a resume critique session between Google and WiCS, which was pretty interesting. I've been a lurking member of [HH Websites and Resumes](https://www.facebook.com/groups/1487708811477672/) for a while now, so I thought I had a pretty good idea of what people like and dislike. I've shifted from a two-column to a one-column, taken away skill bars/ratings, hidden my horrendous GPA, didn't bother putting relevant coursework (they're getting my transcript anyways!) or super old antiquated projects (no one cares about 2015 anymore ... do they?), and I thought I was so set. Recent leadership experience, recent job experience - I got this!

I heard on Sunday during an upper year's talk at WiCS Orientation about co-op, "HH Websites and Resumes sucks. Do not upload your resume there." I didn't really understand the magnitude of that statement until I started listening to the presentation that was given on resume tips from the recruiter.

Put your education at the top (even if you're applying through your school platform). Put down relevant courses you're taking (even if the other 700 people applying have them too). Put down your GPA (not if it's horrible, though). Put down projects, even if they're from high school, as long as they demonstrate initiative from *you*. Put down your expected graduation date. 

It was surprising to hear their emphasis on projects, because I don't really ... have any. I know of people who have worked at Google even though they don't have any side projects, but it was also their fourth/fifth coop. 

It was a good wake-up call, though, that people don't care if I do leadership activities like orientation week or open houses, if I can't code for hell. And I really need to learn how to code like hell.

---

Last night after I got home, I sat down and put some stuff back on my resume. Like this blog. CS courses I've taken in the past year. The Udacity courses I finished. Shifted my education to the top. Talked more. About everything.

Then I took that resume and sent it to Shopify.

I've had my eye on Shopify since the beginning of September, and I saw their WW posting at the end of last week. I've been meaning to sit down and write a cover letter to them, and I finally took the chance to last night ... because the application was due today at 9.

I'm not really expecting to hear anything positive back from them, but regardless of the answer I get, I promise myself I will email the recruiter back and ask for feedback, whether it's on my resume, or in my interview. 

If I don't ask, I'm not going to get better.

---

With all that being said, WW opens next Monday, and I'm excited. I'm going to have to write at least a cover note to all the jobs I apply to - since I won't be able to attend interviews in Waterloo when I'm at Grace Hopper - but it's different from last term. I know more about who I am as an employee, I know what I like, and I know that above all, I want to learn more.

I told someone the other day, "I love the feeling of a Fall term. All the first-years coming in make me feel like I have a new chance at everything, too."

And I do. It's a new term - new courses - new friends - and new chances for jobs.
