# Starting Things Off Shaky.

Trying to figure out how things with Jekyll are working. My incompetence with the Terminal made me reboot my computer into Windows again and use Github Desktop. Woops.

Huge shoutout to Jonathan McGlone for his [tutorial](http://jmcglone.com/guides/github-pages/) on how to do this. Man have I been confused.

Will update this post with some stuff once things actually start ... fully working.

--------------------------

UPDATE:

So things aren't "fully" working yet per se, but they're currently functional.

I originally wanted to start this blog using Github's Project pages, *not* User Pages - I wanted to save my User Page for my own portfolio, but I suppose this is okay as well. Now future employers can see my own problem-solving skills (#buzzword!) all written out in these lengthy blog posts, I guess.

So after writing the first blog post (and splitting it into two, since I realised it got *really* long), I was struggling to see it on mysite/posts-and-jks. All that came up was my README, which I'm sure will end up being on my site at some point. If it doesn't come up, I'll upload it as a legacy post at some point, because it's decently amusing as a TL;DR of my writing adventures.

After moving things around over .. and over .. and over again, I stumbled upon a tutorial for using Github Pages for my blog (see link above). I finally configured things properly, so now you can actually access my blog! Believe it or not.

Now there's a ton of stuff to fix:

1. Fix index page.  
    A Bootstrap theme of some sort will do, it'll basically just serve as my portfolio. I'll link all the important things too. I can properly style it up once some of these major things have been fixed.
    
2. Fix Jekyll theme.  
    Right now it's really bugging me that I can't just have a straight feed of all my posts, which is what I really need in my life. Hopefully I can figure out how this whole Jekyll thing works, like, quickly. Because right now it looks kind of ridiculous and has the "Tumblr theme garden" look to it. Which is, quite frankly, as a former theme designer, disgusting.

I can't believe just setting this up took so much already ...
