This week I've been thinking of changing my dev setup (again). 

My current setup is something like:
* [elementary OS](https://elementary.io/) dual-booted with Windows 10 (Insider's build - already on the Fall Creator's Update);
* the [Pantheon](https://launchpad.net/pantheon-terminal) terminal that ships with elementary OS;
* Vim with the [Seti](https://github.com/trusktr/seti.vim) colorscheme (for simple edits);
* [Atom](https://atom.io) with the [One Dark UI](https://github.com/atom/one-dark-ui) theme and the [Vivid](https://github.com/simurai/one-dark-vivid-syntax) syntax theme (for more complex edits);
* [Hack](http://sourcefoundry.org/hack/) as a font  
and all of this is running on a Lenovo G510 from ... 2014, approximately. I don't boot into the Windows OS often though; I'm actually planning on maybe deleting that partition because the only thing I needed it for was writing reports in Microsoft Office this term. 

But!

The next term is within sight now, and I promised myself when I started university that I'd buy myself a new laptop when second-year started. 

Second-year, AKA my 2A term, is now starting in roughly 5.5 weeks (sidenote: that sounds crazily close and I'm kind of terrified). Which means it's time to start thinking about a new laptop.

I've had my eyes on the "ash silver"/"dark ash" 13.3" HP Spectre x360 for a while - it was reviewed to be "the best laptop of 2016" by The Verge last December. I don't have to push for the best and brightest for everything, to be honest (and I'm sure by this point in the year the "best laptop" of 2017 will already be different), so that's why I'm willing to settle for the Spectre instead of anything that came out this year.

I've also been thinking towards the new term. This term I know I'm going to be using the terminal a lot more - CS 246 teaches you a lot of basic terminal usage - and coding in C++. Now, way back in Fall term, before we had to use the online Seashell IDE, we used DrRacket as an IDE for the Racket language, and one of the most useful things that DrRacket had for our assignments was a stepper.

Literally going through your code, step-by-step.

One of my friends told me that Visual Studio had this functionality, and so today I downloaded VSCode (I still don't think most IDEs are necessary if you can just compile via terminal) and it's been ... quite nice, actually.

I don't know whether I'm going to continue using elementary OS as my main or not. On one hand, I really appreciate the functionality that it offers - and it's much faster than anything I have on the Windows side right now. On the other hand, dual-booting is always finicky, and it's such a pain to have to restart your computer anytime you want to start doing something new. Not only that, but the Windows 10 Bash terminal looks like it's finally coming out of beta, so that's actually something that might be a viable option by now (although I've heard that you can't modify files using GUI that you've already modified using the bash terminal).

Given all of that, I think my new dev setup for September is probably going to look like this:
* elementary OS and Windows 10 dual-booted, elementary OS for anything regarding CS assignments or coding projects in general, Windows 10 for ... literally everything else
* Pantheon terminal that ships with elementary OS
* Windows 10 Bash terminal (just to try it out, you know?)
* Vim with the Seti colourscheme once more
* VSCode with the Material colour theme and the Material icon theme
* [Hack](http://sourcefoundry.org/hack/) as a font

Bit of a schedule for the coming weeks, just to keep me on my toes as the next month flies by:
* Sunday, Aug 6th - Update on how that website I'm trying to make for myself is going!
* Friday, Aug 18 - Update on the end of my co-op term, WiCS in general, and my ongoing search for mentorship and a job I love

Hopefully by the end of my co-op term I'll have ordered a new laptop. If not, see you on my crapface Lenovo, or my work mac!