---
layout: post
title: Another Term Gone; Another New Start
date: 2018-08-27
---

It's coming to the end of my (short, short) summer between terms, and I just wanted to take a minute to reflect on how well I hit my goals last term (or how far I missed).

After my transfer to Computer Science from Computing and Financial Management, I still had a long term ahead of me. I was taking 5 core courses:

1. CS 241 - Foundations of Sequential Programs
2. CS 240 - Data Structures and Data Management
3. CS 251 - Computer Organization and Design
4. STAT 231 - Statistics
5. MATH 239 - Introduction to Combinatorics (my favourite course!)

... and I passed all of them! There were definitely some hairy moments because it was hard to keep up with the cascading assignments, but in the end I made it. I also went to all my lectures this term, and actually secured a developer position for the coming term! I also only did two a cappella groups, but on the whole I was still very involved in a cappella. I'm still considering running for an executive position in one of them for Winter 2019, but that's a faraway idea for now.

However, I didn't actually take a lot of time to write. I guess I just got caught up in a lot of things, and it was hard to muster up the motivation. Hopefully, over this next co-op term, I'll be able to take some more time to write.

---

These past couple weeks, I've definitely been enjoying my time off, but I've also tried to reorganize myself. I've started [Automate the Boring Stuff with Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/) and it's been a really good experience. Not only have I gotten to learn Python (a language I've always been intrigued by), but I've also gotten a chance to explore a lot of different uses for it through each chapter's mini-projects.

I've also started to compile many of my school notes into [Notion](https://notion.so). It's been a really eye-opening experience, because this is becoming my own personal knowledge base. The concepts between all my courses connect really well, so it's been nice to go over my material from the past two years.

Finally, in terms of entertainment, I started and finished watching Archer (or, what's available of it on Netflix), and I've also started doing [Blogilates](https://www.blogilates.com) as exercise. It's been hard, but I'm sure it's worth it.

---

This next term, I'm going to be working at [Interaxon](http://www.choosemuse.com) for the MUSE headband. I'm really excited because it's my first real "developer" position, but also because I get to work with a lot of different technologies. It'll be new and exciting, and I'm going to have a chance to learn a lot.

Over the course of the next term, I'm also going to be applying to jobs for Summer 2019. It seems insanely early, but I want to try and work in the U.S. next summer, and I know that most companies start their application processes in the Fall, as opposed to the Winter co-op processes Waterloo has. It'll be weird, but I'm really hoping for something interesting.

"It'll be weird, but I'm really hoping for something interesting," - Me, thinking about the next term.

I'm excited.
