---
layout: post
title:  "New Year, I Guess?: An Update on Writing Styles and Life"
---

Wow, it's pretty much been a full term since I last posted here. It seems so long ago...  

I guess some explanation is in order. After going to GHC last October, I struggled to keep up with schoolwork for the next few weeks, while at the same time juggling midterms and acappella. Once November hit, I was still trying to keep up that balance until around the week of our EOT concert for acappella - after which was basically exams. Which I needed a *lot* of studying for.  
Seriously.

The other part with taking this term-long break is that I've also started to try using notebooks again. I got a notebook for my birthday almost two years ago, and I think that's been my "meeting people" and "coffee time" notebook - I journaled about GHC there, and I wanted to also write about my experience at a Tech Ladies meetup in Waterloo (which happened in November - did I mention I'm bad at keeping track of my life?). Meanwhile, I got another notebook over the summer when a couple of my friends went to Paris, and that's become my "work" journal for this term: I've been trying my best to diligently record my duties and responsibilities as well as what I've actually accomplished so that I can actually look back and say I've done stuff this term, as well as start to think of problems for my work-term report.

So I guess this is kind of a transitional period for me. I like the feel of physically writing, but I also like the feel of physically typing too. I like knowing that my writing will be seen at some point - I went on r/WritingPrompts the other day and wrote bits of poetry, for the first time in what feels like around two to three years - but I also like to know that there are some things that will stay private to me and only me. I like writing log/journal-like entries about things in progress, but I also like writing reflective/speculative pieces on what's gone and what's to come. Writing in a notebook and writing on this blog give me really different feelings about this, so this term I guess I'll figure out what I want in terms of writing - and then try my best to keep it up!

Oh, and I really want to reform the look of this blog. I think I like something a little more minimalistic - less header photo focus (aka less like Medium), more content based, more first 1-2 lines of summary on the home page, etc. - so maybe I'll take a look at Ruby for that.

Who would've known - we're back to me learning something just so that my blog is exactly the way I want it.
 
---

Okay, so - an update on life.

Over the course of Fall 2017, I did a lot of stuff (*shocking*). I was a part of the AcaBellas *and* ACE last term, and I ended up being the alto section leader for ACE and being the bass anchor for the full EOT set for the Bellas.  
I can tell you right now, from what I sounded like last fall, I don't think anyone would've thought that would happen.

I also managed to pass all my courses! This might sound like a small victory, but it was a pretty big one - I came pretty close to failing CS 245 (and I'm still shocked that I somehow didn't). I also managed to get over 70 in a CS course - CS246, which you can find my comprehensive notes to here. I really want to continue making big summary notes like this, so in Spring 2018 one of my goals is to do this for CS 241 and CS 251. 

Lastly, I found a job for my coop term right now in Winter 2018! Last term I had a much better success rate with interviews - I got 5 interviews, and got 2 offers, 2 ranks, and only 1 no-rank. Definitely an improvement from Winter 2017. I'm currently working as a Software Engineer in Test Intern (read: QA Intern) for Influitive, a marketing B2B that's located in Downtown Toronto. Influitive hit all my checkboxes for what I wanted this term: it's not admin/assistant work, I have regular 1:1's with my boss biweekly and morning standups with every team, it's not located in Kitchener-Waterloo, and I don't have to work alone, ever.

Coop right now is just starting to ramp up - my boss just left for a 3-week trip to Thailand, and our team is small enough that it's mainly me, another intern, and a full-timer who mostly focuses more on automation as opposed to manual testing. There's so much to learn at work, though, and I've already learned a lot.

Outside of work, I'm trying to make sure I keep my Waterloo ties strong. I have a lot of friends who are still in Waterloo this term, and I want to make sure that I'm still friends with them even after coop. I want to go back to watch the ICCA and the UWACC EOT. I signed up for swimming lessons and they start on January 30th. Maybe I'll start writing poetry again. I have a copy of the Metamorphosis sitting on my laptop. I don't eat lunch outside every day and I make sure I save enough to go hang out with my friends in Toronto. I live with my sister and I'm closer than ever with her now.

It's a new term, new year, new me, but not really - I'm just out here to try new things. Eat a lot. Drink a little. Make friends.

You know, all that good stuff.
