---
layout: post
title: A 2019/2020 Journey
date: 2020-06-21
---

I haven't updated this blog in almost a year, so - let's see where we are now.

In the past ten months, I've (in a relatively chronological order):

### Declared my minor in English

Note: the major is called English Language and Literature, but UWaterloo simply calls the minor, 'English'? Thanks, Waterloo.

I've been thinking about getting an English minor ever since I transferred into Computer Science (no, seriously - this can be traced all the way back to [2018](https://thejoycekung.github.io/blog/2018-05-21/big-update)). Reading Romantic literature and studying poetry really does make me passionate in a way that software development can't ever really replace, and I'm excited to keep doing it and formally acknowledge it on my diploma.

### Dropped my first course - [CS 343 - Concurrency](https://www.student.cs.uwaterloo.ca/~cs343/)

With this, I hit another checkbox of confused university student, I feel - I've failed a course, been on conditional standing, changed programs, and even dropped a course now. If someone told me in the months before I started university that this would happen, I would probably break down.

I recently signed up to be a mentor through the Mathematics Society to an incoming first-year student - university has been a crazy ride for me, but I hope I can help it make more sense for someone else.

### Found a job as a DevOps Intern at Autodesk - Maya, and then as a Software Engineering Intern at Bank of America Merrill Lynch

In some crazy twist, I haven't updated this blog through *two* job searches now (I normally remember to update this blog and my website after looking for jobs). After my realizations that DevOps is a thing that I want to pursue, I've been applying to as many DevOps jobs as I can get my hands on. In the Fall, I landed several general software engineering interviews and a couple DevOps interviews; this past recruiting season, I landed several DevOps interviews and one general software engineering interview.

Funny how that works out.

In my previous term at Autodesk, I had a chance to work under the Maya DevOps team, and continuing from my work at Scribd, I got to help their release team streamline their release process. Though I didn't touch as much of the release process as I did with Scribd - Maya, being a desktop product, is a whole other beast - I got to speed up some of the most time-consuming and manual parts of the process through Jenkins.

Although I'm definitely looking to expand my DevOps experience (I've done so much release process work. So much!), there's a lot that's still to be learned in terms of infrastructure, system design, networking, and data pipelines. All of these areas are areas I hope to gain exposure in when working at BofA this coming Fall, where I'll be joining their Toronto-based team working on back-end development.

### Not gotten COVID-19

COVID-19 has definitely destroyed some of my plans for this year. I completed my Autodesk work term from home; I'm currently studying/attending online school at home; there's a chance that I may also be working from home for BoA in the fall. I also bought around 4 or 5 tickets to shows this summer, all of which are now not happening.

At least I'm still healthy.

### Participated in NaPoWriMo (National Poetry Writing Month)

This year, given the whole quarantine situation and not having as much to do because I'm not in school, I decided to try participating in NaPoWriMo. I think "success" is one word for what happened - I definitely wrote every day - but I'm still learning on refining what I'm doing. I'm currently also taking a creative writing course to get me more comfortable with my work and I'm really interested in seeing if I can get something small (a poem?) published, in a zine or a literary mag/journal.

Yeah, big aspirations I know.

### Started my fourth (ish?) and hopefully final year of studies at UWaterloo

It's crazy; this past week has been "virtual" convocation for many of my friends. Part of me is scared that I'll have to do the same, but a larger part of me is just scared that I have to graduate and seek some kind of full-time employment soon.

I have a lot of remaining thoughts on where I want to go next (as a person) but also how I want to approach both this blog and Twitter in the future. We'll see if I remember to properly post these thoughts.
